Where's the body?
What the fuck?
What's wrong, Daddy?
Don't touch that.
Law enforcement and media
outlets alike
have begun calling the killer--
The Huntsman.
Huntsman.
The Huntsman,
as in the queen's hired assassin
in Snow White.
The alleged killer,
identified as 54-year-old
Lincoln Raider,
stands accused of...
Raider.
How did you kill those girls?
How did you
kill those girls?
- Lincoln!
This is for my wife!
You're a dead man.
You took her from me.
Help!
I loved her!
On Halloween Eve,
just after dark,
Ping Ping and Tao Tao
returned home,
carried out a folding table,
set it in the drive--
Damn! You startled me.
Sorry.
You must be Max.
I'm Corina.
Hi.
So why'd you request
the rehab center?
Uh, no reason, really.
Well, I chose it, sweetie.
I love this place.
Less stress, work with patients
that don't fight back.
Besides, I don't do too well
with confrontations anyway.
You?
I got you.
Hold still! Hold still!
It doesn't really bother me.
It's kind you read to 'em.
Oh, yeah, I read
to all the patients.
I heard that some of them react
to outside stimuli.
You do know who he is, right?
They say he's the one that
killed those girls in Antrim.
He gives me the heebie-jeebies
just bein' in here with him now.
Do you need anything else
before I have to--
- Max?
- No.
Thank you.
All right then.
You have a good night.
Let's just give
the literature a break.
We want answers!
Hey, partner.
Looks like we got another one.
What do you mean? You sure?
Yeah, take a look.
Doesn't match.
What do you mean
it doesn't match?
Those are defensive wounds,
and I'd wager she still
has her heart.
What are you, the ME now?
Look, this can't be
a coincidence.
Guess who's on the lease?
- Samuel Miller.
- Samuel Miller,
the guy that we interviewed
when the first victim was found.
And the last guy who saw
Tina Benning and Lincoln Raider
the night she was murdered.
They all worked together.
His name's on the lease.
He's our guy.
Still not right.
We're about 10 minutes away
from the
media reopening some old wounds.
You remember what happened
last time?
Grieving fathers aren't lynch
mobs, Reynolds.
All right, vigilantes then.
Yeah, sorry my gut's
not matching yours.
You know, I always loved the way
you could shape a narrative.
Actually, maybe it's
just your shape.
Doesn't matter.
Captain's got every K9 unit
and officer with a badge
all looking for Sam Miller,
so we'll have our answers soon.
I guess we will. Good.
Great.
Reynolds says you
don't think Lincoln
Raider's our guy.
Yes, sir.
The problem isn't
with your logic,
it's with your timin'.
I'm puttin' together
a press conference
to get ahead of all this before
it explodes
in another negative direction.
I need your support on this.
What are you saying?
I'm saying we're puttin' all
focus into our key suspect
in the Huntsman case,
Sam Miller.
- What?
- J--
Jenn Littles' body was found
less than 24 hours ago.
We don't have enough
answers yet for that.
We don't even
have the tox report.
Shouldn't we focus on the facts?
Facts?
Since Lincoln Raider's
been in a coma,
no bodies have appeared
with the Huntsman's MO.
Until yesterday.
Cell phone towers have pinged
him in the radius
of each of our victims
on the days
that they were reported missing,
and his search history has shown
everything but their name.
Look, Sam Miller's
still a killer.
Are we in agreement?
Are we in agreement?!
Yes, sir.
After eight long months,
Antrim Police Department
has named a new suspect
in the Huntsman murder case,
Samuel Jacob Miller.
White Male. 5'10, 190 lbs.
and approximately 38 years old.
The suspect is wanted on the
murder of one Jennifer Littles.
If anyone has any information
to the whereabouts
of Samuel Miller, please contact
the Antrim Police Department.
Thank you.
We want answers!
Come back to me.
Hey, I love you.
Jolene.
Mrs. Raider.
We're not friends.
What are you doing here?
Just checkin' in on him.
Why?
You don't care about Lincoln.
You're the reason he's in here.
Well, Mrs. Raider, there's a
price to pay for taking lives.
Well, there should be a price
to be paid
for ruining innocent ones.
Are you a parent?
No.
No. Of course not.
Well, Lincoln is.
And he's got a lot of love
to come home to.
Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck!
Do you even remember
your first kill?
That moment your blood
caught fire
and you got that rush of power?
When you saw more life
in them when they're dying
than when they were ever alive?
I do.
Hmm.
It's intense, pure.
Are you even listening to me?
Or am I wasting my fucking time?
It's time to wake up.
I know you're there.
I know it.
So it's time to wake up.
Wake up!
Come on.
Do it.
Wake up.
Wake up for me.
Am I dead?
No.
Who are you?
Um, I'm-- I'm a nurse.
Get 'em outta here.
Who?
All these people.
There's-- there's no one here.
I'm-- I'm just gonna get
the doctor.
No. No.
Stay.
Stay with me.
Well, he's responsive,
but he's still pretty out of it
and probably will be
for the next day or two.
Okay, what time did he awake?
An ICU nurse found him awake
this morning around 2:00 AM.
Which one?
Nurse Mason.
Who is it?
Who do you think it is?
Can I come in?
Yeah, you can come in.
You alone?
Ah, yeah.
- What is that?
- What do you want?
Hmm?
I spoke to the hospital.
They said that you're looking
after Lincoln Raider.
- That's my new job.
- That's--
What the fuck are you doing,
Max?
What the fuck are you doing?
- My job.
- Your job?
- Yeah.
- Six dead women!
You don't know
who the fuck did it.
Great job. Way to go.
You look like shit, Max.
Are you eating?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
You know I don't approve
of what you're doing.
You don't approve
of what I'm doing?
I don't give a fuck
what you think, so...
When Mom was dying,
do you remember
what I said to you?
Hmm?
I told you I will always be
there for you.
I still am, Max.
I don't really believe anything
you say anymore, Darby.
Yeah.
Hey, hey, hey, partner.
Oh, I just thought you should
know that, uh,
Jolene Raider is taking custody
of Lincoln.
Discharging him
from the hospital.
To where?
His home.
Mr. Raider, can you feel this?
Blink if you do.
Well done.
Good.
Um, Max, would you take
his hand?
Squeeze Max's hand.
Go ahead.
As hard as you can.
Good.
Hmm.
I'll draft
his release paperwork.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Is it Max? Isn't it?
Hi, I'm-- I'm Jolene.
I'm-- I'm Lincoln's wife.
I'm-- I'm so grateful.
Thank you so much.
Of course.
Hey, sweetheart.
I think I'm gonna join you.
Yeah?
Hi.
Oh, babe.
Things are only gonna get better
from here, okay?
Hmm.
Hey.
Guess who this is?
Who?
This is Rose.
She's your daughter.
I call her Rosie
because her cheeks are so red.
You're a father.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay.
You're comin' home.
Protestors have been outside
since early this morning
waiting for Lincoln
and his family
to be released into
the custody of local PD.
What the fuck?
Hey, sweetheart.
You ready to go home?
Let's go home.
Okay.
I trust the police isn't gonna
fuck this up this time?
That's correct.
What do you want to say to the
families of the missing girls?
What would you like to say to
them?
Murderer!
Justice!
Hey, hey! Stay back! Stay back!
Out of the way!
Don't look at them.
Hey. You're home.
Okay, do not hesitate to call
for anything, okay?
And don't field any questions
'til you run 'em through us.
Okay.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
Welcome home, Mr. Raider.
Hey.
Let's get you cleaned up.
Oh.
There's someone
I want you to meet.
- Police! Don't move!
- Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Darby, it's me!
What are you doing here?
Will you lower your gun?
Start talking.
All right, look,
the Bennings called.
They said they've been receiving
cryptic packages,
so I thought I'd come
check it out.
Will you please lower your gun?
What packages?
Let's go find out together.
Lincoln Raider isn't responsible
for the murder of my daughter.
And you know this
to be true how?
Myself and the families have
received packages
from the real killer.
Wait, what do you mean, you--
You and the other
victims' families?
Yes.
Why are you just reporting
this now?
Eight months,
you're empty-handed.
I don't trust you.
Okay, what's in these packages?
I won't have it in my house.
It's filthy and indecent.
Charles, this could've been sent
by anyone,
any fanatic following the media.
No. It's him.
Sam Miller.
I know it.
He's taunting me.
We're lookin' for him,
Mr. Benning.
We will get him.
Look, we'll need to collect
this as evidence.
Also, get your fingerprints,
too,
just to differentiate in case
we find any others.
I'll talk to captain,
coordinate gettin' the packages
from the other families.
Hmm.
I'd like to take another look
at Tina's room.
From high rooftops,
down to the sea,
♪ no one's as dear
as baby to me. ♪
♪ Wee little hands, ♪
♪ now sound asleep, ♪
♪ till morning light. ♪
Please don't hurt me.
Hello.
Who is this?
Why am I here?
I wanted to say thank you
and offer you a job.
Hmm.
Doin' what?
What you have been doing.
Taking care of Lincoln.
We need 24-hour assistance,
room and board.
With competitive compensation.
Very.
What about home health?
They have staff that can provide
that kinda support.
No. No.
I don't trust them, not after
what I've been through.
I want you.
Why do you trust me?
Because you brought
him back to me.
And he trusts you.
Lincoln does?
Who do you think asked for you?
It's beautiful here.
- It really is.
- Hmm.
We love it.
- How long
have you been here?
- 20 years.
- Wow.
- I know.
We met when we were kids,
so I don't know, we love it.
We built it from the ground up.
We both came from nothin',
so it's--
It's everything to us right now.
We want justice!
Ignore them. They're a plague.
We want--
Who's that? Who's that?
Hi.
Oh, there's my Rosy, whoa.
Come here, my little baby.
Oh, who's a sweet girl?
Oh, you sweet thing.
Max, this is Rose.
Hi.
Oh no. Aw, she likes you.
Welcome. I'm Ethel.
- I'm Max. Hey.
- Hey.
Where's Linc?
They're inside.
Come on in.
We're like family around here.
Mm-hmm.
Don, say hello to the company.
- Hey, Jo.
- Hey.
Is this your new sidekick?
Yeah. This is the amazing Max.
He was with Linc in the hospital
and he's gonna be helpin'
us out for a while.
How long you been a nurse?
Since I left the Army.
Oh.
Gulf War Marine.
- Oh.
- Where'd you serve?
Afghanistan.
The graveyard of empires.
Easy to march in,
hard to march out.
Alexander the Great.
You know your history.
I know my literature.
Was it as violent as the news
made it out to be?
A lot of people died.
Hey.
She's sleeping.
I-- I-- I don't want her.
- Not now.
- Linc.
Okay.
It's time for her feeding.
- Hmm.
- I'll warm up some milk.
Okay.
Great to meet you.
- And you.
- Would you like a beer?
Yeah.
Yeah, that'd be great. Thanks.
Lincoln, you ready?
Come on.
All right.
I got you.
One leg here.
Yep.
I miss you guys so much.
I'll see you soon though.
I love you.
What do you think?
The house is too quiet, Max.
I hate it.
Your daughter's not keeping you
up nights?
Yeah. Of course.
You know, I really thought
that Lincoln would be more
taken with her,
but he doesn't want
anything to do with her.
He was so desperate
to be a father.
Well, he's gone through a lot.
I'm sure he'll come around.
Can I ask you something?
It's odd,
but I'm curious.
Sure. Yeah.
When can he have sex with me?
Uh, I suppose that's up to him.
Well, I don't wanna hurt him.
Okay.
Then I think probably when he
can climb a flight of stairs.
Yeah, I think that's probably
when he'll be ready.
Okay.
I don't wanna wake them up.
Just staring at him
isn't gonna help.
All right.
I'm gonna be in the studio
if you need anything.
Thanks for the talk, Max.
I love you.
...downstairs.
Wait, wait.
Hmm?
Here, let me get this for you.
You okay?
Yeah.
I got it. I got it.
Thank you.
If you're gonna do this,
you need physical therapy.
Nobody's comin' to help me.
Hear them birds?
Max.
Who you looking for?
Fuck.
I was looking for you.
Oh.
Can't sleep?
No, I can't sleep.
Me either.
I don't much want to.
I'm being watched.
What do you think they want?
I don't really know.
Their lies have become truth.
My little night owl.
She's obsessed.
That's what I admire about her.
She loves you very much,
you know that?
Well,
love is many things.
You know,
all I ever wanted
was to give her a child.
But I can't even remember her
bein' pregnant.
It'll come back.
Doc said it might not.
No, in time. It'll come back.
Time.
Do you know
the last thing I remember
before the coma?
A gun pointed at me.
Then it's just dark.
Just dark.
I don't know if I'm alive
or dead.
Just one long nightmare.
This is straight-up hell
for me.
But you're at home
with your family.
That can't be hell.
You got a lot
to look forward to.
You need to get some sleep.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid to.
Saved--
saved by an angel.
It's okay.
Oh.
Okay.
Yeah, it's okay.
I almost didn't come tonight...
but when I start to consider
that I won't return...
I just think
about Daniel Addiman...
rottin' in some prison...
for protecting his family...
when the police couldn't.
And now another girl's dead.
I know now the reason
I keep comin' back.
It's, uh, less about grief.
It's more about surviving,
for myself
and what family I have left.
Bless you, my son.
Sally, right?
- Hi.
Do you know who I am?
I remember.
Great.
Sally, I need your help
with something.
I need to know
where to find Sam.
How would I know where Sam is?
You know, it took me a while
to piece it all together
because you--
you take your dad's last name,
but your step-dad
is Shane Miller.
Sam's your stepbrother.
Like, Jenn and Tina
were your friends,
so I think this is an
opportunity for you
to help them here.
She was just a junkie.
She was trying to set him up.
- He said it was an accident.
- Okay.
If Jenn Littles' death was
self-defense, we can help him.
Sam is our only witness
in the Huntsman case,
but right now the world thinks
that it's him.
He does not want that.
That is a death sentence.
He is the only person who can
prove us wrong.
You need to help us.
Help Sam.
I've got eyes in front,
no clear view inside.
Are you in position?
Assault element is set.
Okay, wait.
We move on my call.
Copy.
Samuel Miller?
I'm Detective Darby Albright
from the Antrim Police
Department.
I just wanna talk.
You don't wanna fuckin'
talk to me!
You got an arsenal out there!
We're here in case anything
goes wrong.
We just need to stay calm,
and talk to me, okay?
If you wanna share your story,
I'm here to listen,
understand what happened.
You don't wanna fuckin'
hear my story.
You wanna kill me!
I don't wanna kill you,
I wanna help you.
Hey, Darby,
this is a no-knock warrant.
I repeat, no-knock.
I don't-- I don't believe you.
Fuckin' trust you motherfuckers!
Please help me.
Please.
I know.
I hear how hard this is for you.
I didn't mean to kill her!
Sam, what's goin' on in there?
It was an accident.
I know.
All right, you know what?
Fuck it.
Let's move out.
I'm here to help you, okay?
If you could just come outside,
we could figure this out.
I need help. Please!
He's coming after me.
He's a fuckin' madman.
He fuckin' made me do it.
It was an accident.
I know.
I know you didn't.
I'm coming in.
What the fuck?
What the fuck did you do?
Accountability, remember?
Clear.
All right, let's get CSU
in here.
Tear this place apart.
What?
No matter how you look at this,
today was a win.
We gave the community answers.
Sam Miller is the Huntsman
and you need to back this.
Yeah, and when you're wrong?
You know, you've been fightin'
this one a long time.
Captain, I think she might
need the night off.
You know, it's clear you two
have given up on this case.
But don't fucking expect me to.
This evening, Antrim Police
Detectives,
in conjunction with Special
Victims Unit,
conducted a raid on the home
of a known suspect,
Samuel Miller, in relation
to the Antrim murders
of six female victims
earlier this year.
All indications
in the investigation
point to Samuel Miller
as the main suspect.
As a result of the incursion,
the suspect was killed.
I know that many of you
may have questions, I'm sure,
but we are still piecing
together elements
of the investigation that we're
still working through.
Thank you.
Wait, what about Lincoln Raider?
What evidence links Sam Miller
to the girls who were murdered?
Does he have an alibi
to provide him
whereabouts?
Care to comment?
Detective Reynolds
Lincoln, what are you
doin' here?
I told you I don't sleep.
My wheels just keep spinnin'.
That's okay.
I spent so much time
in the darkness,
I feel at home out here.
They're never gonna stop comin',
are they?
See?
World ain't gonna just forget
what happened.
I guess that's my legacy.
That's my legacy for Rosy.
Well, one day,
one day,
I'll explain it to her so she
can understand it.
So she can know the truth.
What about you, Max?
You see the truth yet?
You have a beautiful daughter,
Mr. Raider.
She's really gonna break hearts
one day.
How old is she?
Oh, a month, I think.
Well, be sure to keep up with
those exercises I showed you.
- I'll make sure he does.
- Yes, ma'am.
It was nice meeting you ladies.
Thank you for coming out.
- You doin' okay?
- Yeah, I'm fine. Mm-hmm.
That's really Lincoln's
daughter?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
What?
I just think Jolene is a little
old to have a baby.
- Let me know if you need
anything.
- Yeah.
Let's do two more.
Good.
I'll take that.
Gentle.
Same time next week?
Have a good night.
Oh, wait.
Someone left this for you.
Did you see who left it?
No. It was delivered.
Okay. Have a good one.
Bye.
Hey, Lincoln?
Jolene?
What you doing, Max?
Sorry, I-- I wasn't tryin'
to snoop.
Was looking for Lincoln,
he's not in his bed.
He's probably down
with the Martins.
It's the middle of the night.
No rest for the wicked.
Hmm.
Are sure that you
weren't curious about me?
What do you mean?
About my work.
What'd you think I meant?
Must be exciting
to make this.
Gotta lose-- use a lot
of passion and discipline.
You're cute.
Yeah, it's, um,
deceptively simple.
I sketch, sculpt, mold,
and fill.
Still curious?
I am.
Okay.
I do a rough sketch,
and then--
and then I sculpt.
And that's probably
the most labor-intensive part.
It's also-- it's also
where I got lost.
You know?
I forget to eat.
Lincoln, um, used to bring me
food and sleep on the couch.
I think so he could be near,
but still let me do my thing.
And then, I make a rubber mold.
Then Barty and I muscle
it in here.
- In here?
- Yeah.
What's in here?
The goop.
The goop?
Cement, water, and glass fiber
- reinforced polyester resin.
- Mm.
Are you taking notes?
'Cause there's a test.
Mm-hmm.
So--
Which one?
Which one is your favorite?
Oh.
Do you wanna meet her?
I do.
Okay.
Hmm.
She's been my muse
for a while now.
She's powerful, and feminine,
and-- and probably a goddess.
Do you wanna touch her?
Sure.
Okay.
Max,
art is meant to be touched.
There's life in there.
Can you feel it?
It's extraordinary.
I sometimes feel like
they just come to life
right under my hands.
- You know?
- Hmm.
What do you think?
She's amazing.
Yeah, she is.
You should go find Lincoln
before she turns your head.
Hey, Lincoln.
You sure you should be out
here on your own?
Well, the night's my time.
Where you been?
Nowhere.
I heard your truck pull up.
I was huntin'.
Look, got a couple of beauties.
Huh.
You hungry?
I'll build a fire.
Back in the day,
the heart was reserved
for the man who made the kill,
honor the dead.
You wanna try it?
It's not so bad.
Oh.
Mm. Okay.
That's chewy.
My father used to drag me along
on hunting trips
all the time when I was a kid.
You ever hunt before?
Not since my time in the army.
I was just
tired of being cooped
up in the house, so I
thought we'd rough it tonight.
You still can't sleep?
Hell no.
Nightmares are way too real.
My subconscious is still tryin'
to reconstruct the man I used
to be.
You know what keeps me up?
I keep thinkin' about
that little girl.
What kind of legacy am--
am I supposed to leave for her?
Come on, buddy.
I know you're watching me!
Let me out!
I know you're watching me.
I'm not drinking it!
Be right back.
Hello?
Hey, take off the fuckin' hood.
Now!
You have it?
Relax.
Get the fuck out of here.
What the fuck?
Yeah, this is
Detective Reynolds, Antrim PD.
Uh, I need a background check on
a Maxwell Mason, goes by Max.
Yeah, employment history,
property ownership info,
everything.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
No, actually, just, uh,
email to me only.
Thanks.
Who are you?
Hey.
How'd you sleep?
Fine.
- You want some breakfast?
- Mm-mm.
I'm famished.
Forgot how much I enjoy
the simple pleasures in life,
like an appetite.
You all right?
You don't seem so good.
I'm fine.
What do you want?
I can't figure you out.
Well, that makes two of us.
You're working for the Raiders
now?
Max, what the fuck
are you thinking?
You start without me?
Maxwell Mason.
You know, I did my research
on you.
Your wife was a mortgage
processor, ran planned urban
development in Antrim.
You both own the condo
that you previously lived at.
And she went missing
eight months ago.
- Is that a question?
- No, it's not a question.
You know, I do have a question
though.
How do you know Lincoln Raider?
He was a coma patient
I was placed with.
Bullshit.
I have a contract
here between the PUD
and Antrim landscaping experts.
Lincoln worked the property
that you lived at.
He knew your wife.
So what?
So she goes missing
and then eight months later,
you request a transfer
to this city, specifically
Lincoln's rehab facility
where you look after him.
- Max, if you could just--
- Hey, shut up!
You're not supposed
to even be here.
Answer the question.
Uh, I needed a job.
You needed a job.
Is that also why you took
the job to personally look
after him at his home?
You see what this looks like, right?
Obsession?
Trust?
Maybe you're framin' him.
Lincoln also knew
all the other victims.
We actually have multiple
witnesses that can corroborate
that, but we can never
link Lincoln Raider
to any of the murders
with any hard evidence.
I think I'm actually starting
to see why now.
I bet you're wondering
how I got this.
Now, you put a lot of time
and energy into that, Max.
If I didn't know any better,
I'd say you looked up to Lincoln
like a mentor.
Or maybe you're just
his pathetic little protégé.
There he is.
Suddenly I'm feelin' inspired.
How do you go about choosing
your next victim whenever you
get the itch?
Was there a characteristic in
particular that caught your eye?
A specific body type maybe?
Did you research them?
Chart their routine?
And what'd you do
with their bodies
when you are finished
with them?
I'll tell you how I do it.
Would you like to hear that,
Lincoln?
That was me fucking with him.
- Mm.
- Do your research.
Just casual conversation then?
Coma patients, they can, um,
draw on memories,
remember things.
So, that's what that is.
Yeah, just casual conversation?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, so he wouldn't forget.
Or so maybe you'd
have an audience.
Were you also fucking with Ava
when you murdered her?
Because we found her body
this morning.
Ava's dead?
Yeah, she was murdered, Max.
Same MO as the Huntsman.
Read me my rights
or let me fucking go.
Read him his rights.
Max.
You probably shouldn't talk
to her right now.
I know.
Just so you know,
we're gettin' Ava's
phone records,
GPS info, everything.
Your brother is not
who you think he is.
No.
Fuck!
Cheeks.
Just sleeping.
Where is he?
What?
Do you know what happened?
- No.
- She's dead.
- Who?
- Ava's fucking dead!
And they think I did it!
Why would they think you did it?
Have a seat, son.
You don't look so good.
He's just tired.
Where is he?
- Max.
- Where the fuck is Lincoln?
Shh, shh, shh. Max.
Down by the river.
By the river.
Max?
It's okay. Let him go.
What'd he mean
they think it's him?
Lincoln!
Where the fuck are you?
Where the fuck--
Where were you last night?
Where?
I was out here
No, you're lying.
Max.
You're lying!
Don't fucking lie to me!
Well, it looks like you got your
mind made up about somethin'.
Why don't you just ask me
what you come here to ask?
Did you kill Ava?
- Huh?
- Max.
Hey, did you kill those girls?
Hmm?
You know, the police,
those reporters,
when they look at me
all they see is a tree
that they wanna chop down.
And they're using sledgehammers.
It's ugly,
it's cruel, it's hurtful.
Jolene said they took you in, too.
They corrupt your mind?
They poison you, too?
Or did you do that to yourself?
Hey.
Try to wait for Nichols, yeah?
I just keep telling the truth.
- Bye, sweetheart.
- Okay, let's go.
Max, those idiots
are releasing Lincoln.
I'm gonna go pick him up.
Are you takin' Rosy?
No, I'm gonna take her
to the Martins.
No, I'll-- I'll take her.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I'll watch her.
- Are you sure?
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Here you go.
Okay. Oh, I got her.
All right.
This has everything she'll need,
but I should be back
really quickly.
Keys.
Thank you, Max.
Okay.
Come on.
I got you.
What do you want?
What the fuck
was that recording about?
I don't have to explain
myself to you.
Well, congratulations.
You just incriminated yourself
in this investigation.
No, you incriminated me when you
handed over that MP3 file.
What?
The-- the device.
The one you took
from Lincoln and gave
to your fucking partner.
What? No.
Reynolds said Jolene Raider
gave it to him.
I gotta go.
Max, wait for me.
Wait--
Why?
You know why.
Love. Back up.
Back up!
Well, here we are.
Just the, uh, the three of us.
Mm.
I'm curious, Max,
when you look into Rosy's eyes,
who do you see?
I'm gonna fuckin' end you.
Yeah.
You know, I made a mistake.
I did.
I thought that a baby would
bring Lincoln closer to me,
but he doesn't care about
her,
and I have Lincoln back.
And honestly, I really think
I wasn't actually
meant to be a mother.
Take me to her.
Mm, no. Not yet.
Right fuckin' now!
Oh my God.
Oh, Max, that was great.
No.
Tell me where she is.
- No.
- Please.
Please, please, please.
Take me to--
Jolene.
You have no power here.
This is not a game.
But, Max, that's all it is.
Oh.
Beautiful.
Hey.
I'm here.
I got you.
How is she?
She's suffering from
hypothermia and hypoxia.
We need to get her
to the hospital.
Okay. Go be with Rae.
Go be with your wife.
Everything's gonna be okay.
You're safe.
I love you.
What the fuck is that?
Jesus,
I think it's Sara Addiman.
Rae?
I'm Lincoln.
I'm Max's friend.
He said it's your favorite.
But, uh...